.\" $Id: libssh2_sftp_open_ex.3,v 1.9 2007/11/21 14:07:32 dottedmag Exp $
.\"
.TH libssh2_sftp_open_ex 3 "1 Jun 2007" "libssh2 0.15" "libssh2 manual"
.SH NAME
libssh2_sftp_open - open filehandle for file on SFTP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <libssh2.h>
#include <libssh2_sftp.h>

LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *
libssh2_sftp_open_ex(LIBSSH2_SFTP *sftp, const char *filename, unsigned int filename_len, unsigned long flags, long mode, int open_type);

LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *
libssh2_sftp_open(LIBSSH2_SFTP *sftp, const char *filename, unsigned long flags, long mode);

LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *
libssh2_sftp_opendir(LIBSSH2_SFTP *sftp, const char *path);

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIsftp\fP - SFTP instance as returned by 
.BR libssh2_sftp_init(3)

\fIfilename\fP - Remote file/directory resource to open 

\fIfilename_len\fP - Length of filename 

\fIflags\fP - Any (reasonable) combination of the LIBSSH2_FXF_* constants
corresponding fopen modes.

\fImode\fP - POSIX file permissions to assign if the file is being newly
created.

\fIopen_type\fP - Either of LIBSSH2_SFTP_OPENFILE (to open a file) or
LIBSSH2_SFTP_OPENDIR (to open a directory).
.SH RETURN VALUE
A pointer to the newly created LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE instance or NULL on
failure.
.SH ERRORS
\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_ALLOC\fP -  An internal memory allocation call failed.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_SEND\fP - Unable to send data on socket.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_TIMEOUT\fP - 

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SFTP_PROTOCOL\fP - An invalid SFTP protocol response was 
received on the socket, or an SFTP operation caused an errorcode to be 
returned by the server.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN\fP - Marked for non-blocking I/O but the call would block.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libssh_sftp_close(3)

