.\" $Id: libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex.3,v 1.2 2009/03/16 23:25:14 bagder Exp $
.\"
.TH libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex 3 "1 Jun 2007" "libssh2 0.15" "libssh2 manual"
.SH NAME
libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex - read directory data from an SFTP handle
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <libssh2.h>
#include <libssh2_sftp.h>

int 
libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex(LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *handle,
                        char *buffer, size_t buffer_maxlen,
                        char *longentry, size_t longentry_maxlen,
                        LIBSSH2_SFTP_ATTRIBUTES *attrs);

#define libssh2_sftp_readdir(h, b, bl, a)      \\
    libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex((h), (b), (bl), NULL, 0, (a))
.SH DESCRIPTION
Reads a block of data from a LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE and returns file entry
information for the next entry, if any.

\fIhandle\fP - is the SFTP File Handle as returned by 
.BR libssh2_sftp_open_ex(3)

\fIbuffer\fP - is a pointer to a pre-allocated buffer of at least
\fIbuffer_maxlen\fP bytes to read data into.

\fIbuffer_maxlen\fP - is the length of buffer in bytes. If the length of the 
filename is longer than the space provided by buffer_maxlen it will be 
truncated to fit.

\fIlongentry\fP - is a pointer to a pre-allocated buffer of at least
\fIlongentry_maxlen\fP bytes to read data into. The format of the `longname'
field is unspecified by SFTP protocol. It MUST be suitable for use in the
output of a directory listing command (in fact, the recommended operation for
a directory listing command is to simply display this data).

\fIlongentry_maxlen\fP - is the length of longentry in bytes. If the length of
the full directory entry is longer than the space provided by
\fIlongentry_maxlen\fP it will be truncated to fit.

\fIattrs\fP - is a pointer to LIBSSH2_SFTP_ATTRIBUTES storage to populate 
statbuf style data into.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Number of bytes actually populated into buffer (not counting the terminating
zero), or negative on failure.  It returns LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN when it would
otherwise block. While LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN is a negative number, it isn't
really a failure per se.
.SH ERRORS
\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_ALLOC\fP -  An internal memory allocation call failed.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_SEND\fP - Unable to send data on socket.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_TIMEOUT\fP - 

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SFTP_PROTOCOL\fP - An invalid SFTP protocol response was 
received on the socket, or an SFTP operation caused an errorcode to be 
returned by the server.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libssh2_sftp_open_ex(3),
.BR libssh2_sftp_close_handle(3)
