.\" $Id: libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex.3,v 1.4 2007/06/13 12:51:10 jehousley Exp $
.\"
.TH libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex 3 "1 June 2007" "libssh2 0.15" "libssh2 manual"
.SH NAME
libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex - listen to inbound connections
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <libssh2.h>

LIBSSH2_LISTENER * libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex(LIBSSH2_SESSION *session,
                   char *host,
                   int port,
                   int *bound_port,
                   int queue_maxsize);

LIBSSH2_LISTENER * libssh2_channel_forward_listen(LIBSSH2_SESSION *session,
                   int port);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Instruct the remote SSH server to begin listening for inbound TCP/IP
connections. New connections will be queued by the library until accepted by
\fIlibssh2_channel_forward_accept(3)\fP.

\fIsession\fP - instance as returned by libssh2_session_init(). 

\fIhost\fP - specific address to bind to on the remote host. Binding to
0.0.0.0 (default when NULL is passed) will bind to all available addresses.

\fIport\fP - port to bind to on the remote host. When 0 is passed, the remote
host will select the first available dynamic port.

\fIbound_port\fP - Populated with the actual port bound on the remote
host. Useful when requesting dynamic port numbers.

\fIqueue_maxsize\fP - Maximum number of pending connections to queue before
rejecting further attempts.

\fIlibssh2_channel_forward_listen(3)\fP is a macro.
.SH RETURN VALUE
A newly allocated LIBSSH2_LISTENER instance or NULL on failure.
.SH ERRORS
LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN
Marked for non-blocking I/O but the call would block.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BI libssh2_channel_forward_accept(3)
