.\" $Id: libssh2_sftp_write.3,v 1.3 2009/03/17 10:34:27 bagder Exp $
.\"
.TH libssh2_sftp_write 3 "1 Jun 2007" "libssh2 0.15" "libssh2 manual"
.SH NAME
libssh2_sftp_write - write SFTP data
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <libssh2.h>
#include <libssh2_sftp.h>

ssize_t 
libssh2_sftp_write(LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *handle, const char *buffer, size_t count);

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIhandle\fP - SFTP file handle as returned by \fIlibssh2_sftp_open_ex(3)\fP.

\fIbuffer\fP - points to the data to send off

\fIcount\fP - Number of bytes from 'buffer' to write. Note that it may not be
possible to write all bytes as requested.

\fBlibssh2_sftp_write(3)\fP writes a block of data to the SFTP server. This
method is modeled after the POSIX write() function and uses the same calling
semantics.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Actual number of bytes written or negative on failure.

If used in non-blocking mode, it returns LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN when it would
otherwise block. While LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN is a negative number, it isn't
really a failure per se.

If this function returns 0 (zero) it should not be considered an error, but
simply that there was no error but yet no payload data got sent to the other
end.
.SH ERRORS
\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_ALLOC\fP -  An internal memory allocation call failed.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_SEND\fP - Unable to send data on socket.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_TIMEOUT\fP - 

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SFTP_PROTOCOL\fP - An invalid SFTP protocol response was 
received on the socket, or an SFTP operation caused an errorcode to 
be returned by the server.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libssh2_sftp_open_ex(3)
