.\" $Id: libssh2_sftp_close_handle.3,v 1.1 2007/06/14 15:45:03 jehousley Exp $
.\"
.TH libssh2_sftp_close_handle 3 "1 Jun 2007" "libssh2 0.15" "libssh2 manual"
.SH NAME
libssh2_sftp_close_handle - close filehandle
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <libssh2.h>
#include <libssh2_sftp.h>

int 
libssh2_sftp_close_handle(LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *handle);

int 
libssh2_sftp_close(LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *handle);

int 
libssh2_sftp_closedir(LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE *handle);

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIhandle\fP - SFTP File Handle as returned by 
.BR libssh2_sftp_open(3)
or
.BR libssh2_sftp_opendir(3)

Close an active LIBSSH2_SFTP_HANDLE. Because files and directories 
share the same underlying storage mechanism these methods may be used 
interchangably. It is recommended that 
.BR libssh2_sftp_close()
be used for files and that 
.BR libssh2_sftp_closedir()
be used for directories so that future changes in the library 
may cause minimal disruption.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Return 0 on success or negative on failure.  It returns
LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN when it would otherwise block. While
LIBSSH2_ERROR_EAGAIN is a negative number, it isn't really a failure per se.

.SH ERRORS
\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_ALLOC\fP -  An internal memory allocation call failed.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_SEND\fP - Unable to send data on socket.

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SOCKET_TIMEOUT\fP - 

\fILIBSSH2_ERROR_SFTP_PROTOCOL\fP - An invalid SFTP protocol response was 
received on the socket, or an SFTP operation caused an errorcode to 
be returned by the server.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libssh2_sftp_open(3)
.BR libssh2_sftp_opendir(3)
